Add runbook for changing storage node size on Exoscale (#101)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/storage-ceph-remove-osd.adoc

> . Tell Ceph to take OSDs on old nodes out of service and relocate data stored on them

Reviewer: Maybe use the same trick as we're using in the mon partial to make the text more focused for each how-to:

```suggestion
. Tell Ceph to take the OSD(s) on the node(s) to {operation} out of service and relocate data stored on them
```

Author: ```suggestion
. Tell Ceph to take the OSD(s) on the node(s) to {mon-operation} out of service and relocate data stored on them
```
